with you resource mega review dot com
on the phone prestigio multiphone tests
550 before selling this phone on
the Russian market has already started on
this moment
cost leaves 9000 rubles for Pavlik
with such characteristics it is quite
well, let's all in order to allow
phone on kite packaging stylized
carbon is written here all the main
equipment specifications
includes micro usb cable and includes
actually charge the phone itself is available
only in one color
comparisons are black and black day
looks interesting enough if not
get to pass on the camera here
the coating is not completely completely black she
with such a small picture is not that
the middle cat type dark stone look
interesting and not bad enough considering
budget phone and spa traditional
logo of prestige here the lattice dynamics
there is a performing blog for that
the phone was slightly raised at
placed on the flat surface of the eye in
13 megapixel camera here
LED flash
power buttons and volume swings on
their side is not very big
height therefore active
felt not so good would like to them
need to get used to the bottom microusb and connector
and the main microphone on top we have audio
connector and in fact it's all a plus of it
phone will carry collapsible collapsible
body here can access
completely to the battery and to two
compartment for sims cartridges how many
support card support up to
32 gigabytes
if we talk about the stuffing is installed
here is a 5 5 inch display with resolution
hd resolution is certainly the highest but
also worth learning of course the budget
that phone is not good enough
there will be enough pixelation here you are obvious
here the screens of impenetrable qi are good black
screen but there is a fault with the screen then
can find fault here contrast and
a bit your balance shifted cold tones
on board we have a mediatek 6580 swarm that is
for some reason stayed here use
old enough this
quad core processor
cortex a7 drive hadith mali-400 mp2 too
graphics are not the most powerful but at the same time
interface works smoothly games we can
run not so long ago it was filling
good enough then connected with 1230 but
we get bones
antutu and with 3d now we look like this
test 3d rating
gives us 2000 will boot
2259 see it works smoothly
in 3d games you can play at the maximum
graphics in such modern games and
of course here
play will not work another dance I
I wanted to show this test to my dear
here ota updates to color the phone then
have pro fly through the air
small errors and problems disappear so
Now for some reason I can not in on those who
1 gigabyte of RAM 8 GB for
data storage will remind you that the memory is here
can us expands from interesting
features note the battery at 3000
milliamp hour with this processor and
this screen resolution gives us
good result and autonomy by
stuffing supports gps bluetooth 40
years we have and from interesting
features 13 megapixel camera
the camera works well here
mediatek standard application
but there are some questions she washed and in
Kuzi timid not as fast as
I would like to, but in general, pictures are obtained
good examples of pictures and you are now
see in front of you of the interesting and
important features I would point out that
did not save here and did not
use plastic set
stared at the gorilla eyes three screens
scratch resistant and damage too
very nice if you sum up on
this phone has turned out with us
the phone is quite interesting as it is
such an interesting decorated case
good coverage is a screen 5 5 inches with
hd-resolution is a quad
processor though not the freshest
support 2 6 2 sim cards support card
of memory
Well, actually all and obviously what glitches and
glitches included testing went with this
by telephone
about a week he did not recall
complied with prestige lt 550
the barrel is delivered to us is a model of his
comments signed our channel scream
many many interesting thanks to all and
bye Bye